<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference id="configuring" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring considerations when working with <tm trademark="OpenShift" tmtype="reg"
>OpenShift</tm> Data Foundation</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Configuring considerations when working with OpenShift Data Foundation</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Configuring considerations when working with OpenShift Data Foundation</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc><tm trademark="Red Hat" tmtype="reg">Red Hat</tm>
<tm trademark="OpenShift" tmtype="reg">OpenShift</tm> Data Foundation (ODF) uses the ODF FlashSystem
Operator and ODF FlashSystem Driver to integrate with your <tm trademark="IBM FlashSystem"
tmtype="reg">IBM FlashSystem</tm> storage system. When using the <tm trademark="OpenShift"
tmtype="reg">OpenShift</tm> Data Foundation with your storage system ensure that all configuration
needs are met by following the <tm trademark="Red Hat" tmtype="reg">Red Hat</tm> ODF documentation
set.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section>
<p>The ODF FlashSystem Operator and ODF FlashSystem Driver enable IBM Spectrum Virtualize  family
products to be used with <tm trademark="Red Hat" tmtype="reg">Red Hat</tm>
<tm trademark="OpenShift" tmtype="reg">OpenShift</tm> Data Foundation.</p>
<p>For more information and documentation, see the following:<ul>
<li>Support summary for enabled IBM Spectrum Virtualize  family products and <tm trademark="Red Hat"
tmtype="reg">Red Hat</tm>
<tm trademark="OpenShift" tmtype="reg">OpenShift</tm> Data Foundation: <xref
href="storwize_ODF_matrix.dita"/>.</li>
<li>User information and release notes documentation for the <tm trademark="Red Hat" tmtype="reg"
>Red Hat</tm>
<tm trademark="OpenShift" tmtype="reg">OpenShift</tm> Data Foundation: <xref
href="https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_data_foundation" format="html"
scope="external"><tm trademark="OpenShift" tmtype="reg">OpenShift</tm> Data Foundation
documentation</xref>.</li>
<li>General information about the <tm trademark="OpenShift" tmtype="reg">OpenShift</tm> Data
Foundation, a software-defined storage for containers: <xref
href="https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/cloud-computing/openshift-data-foundation"
format="html" scope="external"><tm trademark="OpenShift" tmtype="reg">OpenShift</tm> Data
Foundation</xref></li>
</ul></p>
</section>
<section id="odf_config">
<title>Configuration considerations</title>
<p>When creating block storage persistent volumes, be sure to select the storage class
<cmdname>&lt;storage_class_name&gt;</cmdname> for best performance. The storage class allows a
direct I/O path to the FlashSystem storage system.</p>
</section>
<section id="limitations">
<title>Limitations</title>
<p>The ODF FlashSystem Operator and ODF FlashSystem Driver contain the following limitations:<ul>
<li>Only one FlashSystem storage system can be connected to ODF at a time. <note><tm
trademark="Red Hat" tmtype="reg">Red Hat</tm>
<tm trademark="OpenShift" tmtype="reg">OpenShift</tm> can work with several FlashSystem storage
systems simultaneously.</note></li>
<li>Only x86 architecture is supported.</li>
<li>When creating a storage class from within the <tm trademark="Red Hat" tmtype="reg">Red Hat</tm>
ODF user-interface, installation of <tm trademark="Ceph" tmtype="reg">Ceph</tm> RWO on FlashSystem
storage systems is allowed. When working with FlashSystem storage systems, it is best to use a
direct I/O path to the storage system. For more information, see <xref
href="#svc_odf_config/odf_config" format="dita"/>.</li>
<li>Capacity calculations provide erroneous output values for child pools and external storage
attachments.</li>
<li>The following individual reports are not currently generated:<ul>
<li>Pool performance</li>
<li>Pool storage class capacity</li>
<li>Volume performance</li>
<li>Volume storage class capacity</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Reports are not generated for FlashSystem information and events.</li>
</ul></p>
</section>
</refbody>
</reference><?tm 1639394264348 22 Red Hat||OpenShift||IBM FlashSystem||IBM||Ceph ?>
